Enhance OpenAPI support with multipart/form-data handling (#15)
lonestone/nzoth: docs/src/content/docs/core/validation.mdx

Ensures `Content-Type: application/json`, validates with Zod, and registers an `ApiBody` schema.

## TypedMultipartBody

```ts
@TypedRoute.Post('', Medias)
@UseInterceptors(FileInterceptor('file'))
multipartBody(
  @TypedMultipartBody(MultipartUploadSchema) data: MultipartUploadDto,
  @UploadedFile() file: Express.Multer.File,
) {
  return { data, file }
}
```

> Ensures `Content-Type: application/json`, validates with Zod, and registers an `ApiBody` schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensures `Content-Type: multipart/form-data`, validates with Zod, and registers an `ApiBody` schema.
```

> 

Reviewer: I think it's the wrong Content-Type here ;)
